#summary wxMax with Subversion on Windows
by ArtemisX

1. *Get the latest BlitzMax-Version*

If you don't have 1.28 then get it.

2. *Getting MinGW to build wxMax*

For this please use Marks little tutorial which can be found [http://www.blitzbasic.com/Community/posts.php?topic=72892 here].

3. *Getting Subversion to get wxMax*

Download the Subversion commandline client from [http://subversion.tigris.org/servlets/ProjectDocumentList?folderID=91 here] - it's `svn-1.4.5-setup.exe` - and install it.

4. *Getting wxMax via Subversion*

Open the command line interpreter (cmd.exe) and got to your BlitzMax-Installation folder an then into the folder `mod`. Then type `svn checkout http://wxmax.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/wx.mod/` and wait until Subversion is finished.

5. *Getting the required libs and headers*

Go to http://code.google.com/p/wxmax/downloads/list and download wxwidgets_2.8.7_headers.zip and wxwidgets_2.8.7_static_win32b.zip.
Unzip the headers in wx.mod/include/ and the libraries (static_win32b) in `wx.mod/lib/`.

6. *Building wxMax*

Open the command line interpreter again and switch to your BlitzMax folder and then to bin. Then type `bmk makemods wx`. This will take very long - depending on you machine - maybe a half hour or more.

That's it. Try some sample codes in wx.mod/samples/.

7. *Updating wxMax*

Open the command line interpreter and got to your BlitzMax-Installation folder an then into the folder mod/wx.mod. Then type `svn update` and wait until Subversion is finished. 